#### Takaways

This section was one of the most profound and enlightening sections I think this course offers. I've done some projects and learning within 'The Odin Project' as well as a full Boot Camp, and while all the resources helped me achieve more knowledge, this section alone gave me more insight than anything else. It gave me a different outlook on life itself. My largest takeaway from this section was the explanation on 'The Growth Mindset'. This took me down a path of seeking materials outside of this project to learn as much as I could about it, because it was the key to a door I've been attempting to open my whole life. (A little ironic considering later in this lesson it talks about not going down rabbit holes, but I hadn't gotten to that part yet, so you'll have to let it slide for now.)

My entire life, I've been working to achieve an outcome, a desired state of achievement that would be the key to my happiness. Something this section taught me has been in my way for many years. The Growth mindset taught me that true accomplishment and motivation comes in the challenge itself, rather than in the reward at the end. The best way to accomplishment is to litterally enjoy the process, and those who do so, get more done and get to the end results faster. A good example I came accross was students who work for the desired goal of "Straight A's" vs the students who try to challenge themselves to learn as much as possible, for the sake of the Challenge. 

The students who's primary goal is to get straight A's tend to take less challenging classes to acheive that end, to accomplish the goal with as little effort as possible. Then contrast the student who wants to learn and challenge themselves will take the most difficult class they can manage, even if it means they don't get the easy A. Over time, this habbit of taking on the challenge sets you ahead of the Goal oriented student in the scenario. You will eventually learn more and become better because the reward becomes the challenge, not the result. 

This stuck out to me so much because I was the Goal Oriented type of person. I did what I thought was neccessary for an end result that I desired. The problem with this tact, is that I became proned to taking shortcuts and viewed every challenge as an obstical in my way to my desired end. Even when I "overcame" these challenges, I often came out with inadequate knowledge and didn't truly have the skillset that was necessary to move on to the next step. This created lots of situations where I would sit in limboed paralysis, unable to move forward. 

When I read this section, I made a commitement to become the person that seeks the challenge and to learn to enjoy the process itself. I have already seen this mindset change other parts of my life with my current work, my continued education, and even with my wife and children. It has made me a better person, if I took nothing else from this course and decided to not pursue a Software Engineering career, Id' be forever grateful that I happened upon this knowledge, and I sincerly thank The Odin Project and those who contributed to it for this section.